Readme.md, before:

The goal of the project to make faster MemoryStream powered by new dotnet core APIs. The main power gain happened because classic allocations is replaced by ArrayPool.

You can use  ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` like that:

``` cs

using (var memory = new FastMemoryWriter())
using (var writer = new BinaryWriter(memory))
{
    for (int i = 0; i < this.ItemCount; i++)
    {
        writer.Write(1.0);
    }
}

```

but because ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` implements interfaces ``` BinaryWriter ``` you can use it like that:

``` cs

using (var memory = new FastMemoryWriter())
{
    for (int i = 0; i < this.ItemCount; i++)
    {
        memory.Write(1.0);
    }
}

```

Here is benchmark results:

|                          Method | ItemCount |       Mean |     Error |    StdDev |   Gen 0 | Gen 1 | Gen 2 | Allocated |
|-------------------------------- |---------- |-----------:|----------:|----------:|--------:|------:|------:|----------:|
|     MemoryStreamAndBinaryWriter |        10 |   2.632 us | 0.0116 us | 0.0109 us |  1.4648 |     - |     - |   6.02 KB |
| FastMemoryWriterAndBinaryWriter |        10 |   2.411 us | 0.0347 us | 0.0341 us |  0.8011 |     - |     - |   3.28 KB |
|            OnlyFastMemoryWriter |        10 |   1.121 us | 0.0061 us | 0.0054 us |  0.4177 |     - |     - |   1.72 KB |
|     MemoryStreamAndBinaryWriter |       100 |  18.407 us | 0.2236 us | 0.1867 us |  6.9580 |     - |     - |  28.52 KB |
| FastMemoryWriterAndBinaryWriter |       100 |  14.175 us | 0.1982 us | 0.1757 us |  2.5024 |     - |     - |  10.31 KB |
|            OnlyFastMemoryWriter |       100 |   5.205 us | 0.0373 us | 0.0311 us |  2.1286 |     - |     - |   8.75 KB |
|     MemoryStreamAndBinaryWriter |      1000 | 166.776 us | 0.7487 us | 0.6637 us | 58.3496 |     - |     - | 239.53 KB |
| FastMemoryWriterAndBinaryWriter |      1000 | 127.801 us | 1.2563 us | 1.1751 us | 19.5313 |     - |     - |  80.63 KB |
|            OnlyFastMemoryWriter |      1000 |  49.242 us | 0.2441 us | 0.2284 us | 19.2261 |     - |     - |  79.06 KB |

As you can see in combination ``` BinaryWriter ``` and ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` you can gain up to ~25% better perfomance.
If you replace ``` BinaryWriter ``` by ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` you can gain up to ~70% better perfomance.

Also it's good to mention there is noticeable difference in memory allocation in favor of ``` FastMemoryWriter ```.

Commit message:

Add nuget package to readme file.

Readme.md, after:

The goal of the project to make faster MemoryStream powered by new dotnet core APIs. The main power gain happened because classic allocations is replaced by ArrayPool.

You install via nuget. Search for ``` FastStream ```.

You can use  ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` like that:

``` cs

using (var memory = new FastMemoryWriter())
using (var writer = new BinaryWriter(memory))
{
    for (int i = 0; i < this.ItemCount; i++)
    {
        writer.Write(1.0);
    }
}

```

but because ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` implements interfaces ``` BinaryWriter ``` you can use it like that:

``` cs

using (var memory = new FastMemoryWriter())
{
    for (int i = 0; i < this.ItemCount; i++)
    {
        memory.Write(1.0);
    }
}

```

Here is benchmark results:

|                          Method | ItemCount |       Mean |     Error |    StdDev |   Gen 0 | Gen 1 | Gen 2 | Allocated |
|-------------------------------- |---------- |-----------:|----------:|----------:|--------:|------:|------:|----------:|
|     MemoryStreamAndBinaryWriter |        10 |   2.632 us | 0.0116 us | 0.0109 us |  1.4648 |     - |     - |   6.02 KB |
| FastMemoryWriterAndBinaryWriter |        10 |   2.411 us | 0.0347 us | 0.0341 us |  0.8011 |     - |     - |   3.28 KB |
|            OnlyFastMemoryWriter |        10 |   1.121 us | 0.0061 us | 0.0054 us |  0.4177 |     - |     - |   1.72 KB |
|     MemoryStreamAndBinaryWriter |       100 |  18.407 us | 0.2236 us | 0.1867 us |  6.9580 |     - |     - |  28.52 KB |
| FastMemoryWriterAndBinaryWriter |       100 |  14.175 us | 0.1982 us | 0.1757 us |  2.5024 |     - |     - |  10.31 KB |
|            OnlyFastMemoryWriter |       100 |   5.205 us | 0.0373 us | 0.0311 us |  2.1286 |     - |     - |   8.75 KB |
|     MemoryStreamAndBinaryWriter |      1000 | 166.776 us | 0.7487 us | 0.6637 us | 58.3496 |     - |     - | 239.53 KB |
| FastMemoryWriterAndBinaryWriter |      1000 | 127.801 us | 1.2563 us | 1.1751 us | 19.5313 |     - |     - |  80.63 KB |
|            OnlyFastMemoryWriter |      1000 |  49.242 us | 0.2441 us | 0.2284 us | 19.2261 |     - |     - |  79.06 KB |

As you can see in combination ``` BinaryWriter ``` and ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` you can gain up to ~25% better perfomance.
If you replace ``` BinaryWriter ``` by ``` FastMemoryWriter ``` you can gain up to ~70% better perfomance.

Also it's good to mention there is noticeable difference in memory allocation in favor of ``` FastMemoryWriter ```.
